fix(android): Connect services note about okhttp and apollo integrations (#4980)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/connect-services/javascript.mdx

### Navigation and Other XHR Requests

For traces that begin in the front end, any requests made (and any requests your backend makes as a result) are linked through the request header `sentry-trace`.

> All of Sentry's tracing-related integrations (`BrowserTracing`, `Http`, and `Express`), as well as the Next.JS SDK, either generate or pick up and propagate the trace header automatically as appropriate, for all transactions and spans that they generate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of Sentry's tracing-related integrations (`BrowserTracing`, `Http`, and `Express`), as well as the Next.JS SDK, either generate or pick up and propagate the trace header automatically, as appropriate, for all transactions and spans that they generate.
```

> The JavaScript SDK will only attach the trace header to outgoing HTTP requests whose destination is a substring or regex match to the <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#tracingorigins">tracingOrigins</PlatformLink> list.

Reviewer: Avoid using "whose" for non-human things

```suggestion
The JavaScript SDK will only attach the trace header to outgoing HTTP requests for which the destination is a substring or regex match to the <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#tracingorigins">tracingOrigins</PlatformLink> list.
```

<!-- copied from automatic-instrumentation to emphasize this point -->

> You will need to configure your web server [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Headers) to allow the `sentry-trace` header. The configuration might look like `"Access-Control-Allow-Headers: sentry-trace"`, but the configuration depends on your set up. If you do not allow the `sentry-trace` header, the request might be blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to configure your web server [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Headers) to allow the `sentry-trace` header. The configuration might look like `"Access-Control-Allow-Headers: sentry-trace"`, but the configuration depends on your setup. If you don't allow the `sentry-trace` header, the request might be blocked.
```

### Pageload

For traces that begin in your backend, you can connect the automatically-generated `pageload` transaction on the frontend with the request transaction that serves the page on the backend. Because JavaScript code running in a browser cannot read the response headers of the current page, the `trace_id` must be transmitted in the response itself, specifically in a `<meta>` tag in the `<head>` of the HTML sent from your backend.

```html
<html>
  <head>
    <meta name="sentry-trace" content="{{ span.toSentryTrace() }}" />
    <!-- ... -->
  </head>
</html>
```

> The `name` attribute must be the string `"sentry-trace"` and the `content` attribute must be generated by your backend's Sentry SDK using `span.toSentryTrace()` (or equivalent, depending on the backend platform). This guarantees that a new and unique value will be generated for each request.

Reviewer: You can lose the 's on backend without really changing the meaning and it makes it less awkward to read

```suggestion
The `name` attribute must be the string `"sentry-trace"` and the `content` attribute must be generated by your backend Sentry SDK using `span.toSentryTrace()` (or equivalent, depending on the backend platform). This guarantees that a new and unique value will be generated for each request.
```

<Note>

The `span.toSentryTrace()` was previously called `span.toTraceparent()`, so that's what you may find depending on the SDK and version.

</Note>

> The `span` reference is either the transaction that serves the HTML, or any of its child spans. It defines the parent of the `pageload` transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `span` reference is either the transaction that serves the HTML or any of its child spans. It defines the parent of the `pageload` transaction.
```

> Once the data is included in the `<meta>` tag, our `BrowserTracing` integration will pick it up automatically and link it to the transaction generated on pageload. (Note that it will not get linked to automatically-generated `navigation` transactions, that is, those which don't require a full page reload. Each of those will be the result of a different request transaction on the backend, and therefore should have a unique `trace_id`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the data is included in the `<meta>` tag, our `BrowserTracing` integration will pick it up automatically and link it to the transaction generated on pageload. (Note that it will not be linked to automatically-generated `navigation` transactions — that is, those that don't require a full page reload. Each of those will be the result of a different request transaction on the backend and, therefore, should have a unique `trace_id`.)
```
